the shot of the revolver rings in your ear.
the brief flash of the revolver stings your eyes, who have been submerged in the darkness for so long.
the sound of the revolver bounces and echoes against the stone walls of the chamber.
your ears sting after shooting the revolver, the piercing roar will haunt them for a while.

fear grips you as you wander the dark maze, with the monster's presence lurking in the shadows.
the captives cry throughout the maze, and you feel like every step could be your last.
you feel like you're being hunted as you navigate the labyrinthine maze, with the monster's growls echoing off of the stone walls.
as you move, you stumble over what appears to be a human skull.
the maze is so dark you might as well be navigating by touch.
as you run your hands brush against the wall, they get coated in a vile red liquid.
as you move you hear the monster moving around, and you hope that you aren't his next prey.
you aren't sure if you saw a shadow or if your eyes aren't playing tricks on you in the dark.
the dull sound of gears turning resonates through the maze, you wonder purpose that cursed machinery serves.
you wonder what kind of sick game is being played on you in this cursed place.

the door creaks as you enter the room, you hope the monster didn't hear it as loud as you did.
the room's darkness and quiet seems inviting as you enter.
you hope this room will hold something that will help you survive.
this room seems to be particulary cluttered with many empty wooden boxes and tables.
you feel like all you can hear is your heartbeat in your ears, hoping this room contains no surprises.

alone in the room you can finally hear yourself breath, and your heart rate slows slightly.
the gearturning of the maze is muffled in the room and you feel slightly more relaxed.
you hope that it is safe to rest in this room for a while, to catch your breath.
the goosebumps in your body slowly disappear in the quiet of the room.
this room is particulary cold, a welcome change to the fetid air of the maze.

you hope the mine will be a deterrance, or at least a distraction, to whatever may pursue you. 
you hope someone behind you enjoys the present.
after getting the mine set up, you move carefully out of place to make sure you don't trigger it.



